# CAPE (Create Anywhere, Publish Everywhere.)

## Single-page website app

This an idea to test some CAPE systems OOKB/SE have been working on. This is a web-app, built on top of React.js, that generates long-scrolling single-page websites by linking in content from facebook, instagram, a google spreadsheet, dropbox folder, etc. Depending on what content sources you select, different sections of the site are generated or not. We are exploring this as a way to quickly roll out small sites for all manner of small clients. Basically, you upkeep your social media, and your site, after initial design and launch, stays up to date — no traditional CMS required. Content delivery check, content templating, check, but we leave content management to your other services.

We're building in robustness and resiliency, and hope that our base HTML will be flexibile enough to allow nearly infinite variability of layouts (approaching this with sort of a CSSZenGarden mentality). "Layouts" — as we are calling themes — would consists of only the CSS files and images required to make the site look how you want. Creating a github repository for a layout is currently the best way to get started (see [FBPL-bgbleed](https://github.com/cape-io/fbpl-bgbleed), [hg-style](https://github.com/ookb/hg-style), or [bbg-style](https://github.com/ookb/bbg-style) for examples). All other content and images are pulled in from your other services, and we render it with our handful of standard "components" that generate the different sections...
